Play The Fabric Loader download above is the bare minimum. Combine it with Fabric API to get all the important extra APIs mods use. It has to be put into the mods folder like any other mod. Develop Fabric gives you powerful tools to change the game however you like. Use the onlinetemplate generatorto get started creating a mod. You can also use theexample modrepository orCLI tools. Explore Extensive documentation is available in the Fabric wiki for both developers and players. Get additional help from theFabric Discord server, or ask a question on theGitHub Discussionforums. Core Toolchain Projects Fabric LoaderA flexible platform-independent mod loader designed for Minecraft and other games and applications. YarnYarn is a set of open Minecraft mappings, free for everyone to use under the Creative Commons Zero license. Fabric LoomA Gradle plugin enabling developers to easily develop and debug mods. Fabric Language KotlinThis is a mod that enables usage of the Kotlin programming language for Fabric mods. IntermediaryIntermediary contains match information between different versions of Minecraft, enabling cross version mods. Tiny RemapperA tiny, efficient tool for remapping JAR files. Mapping IOA library for reading, manipulating and writing mapping files, with support for a wide range of formats. Latest Blog Posts Fabric for Minecraft 1.21.5 A new version of Minecraft is coming soon with some changes that affect most mod makers. As always, we ask all players to be patient, and give mod developers time to update to this new version. We kindly ask everyone not to pester them. We also recommend all players make backups of their worlds. Here is a... Fabric for Minecraft 1.21.4 Minecraft 1.21.4, the Garden Awakens drop, releases December 3rd. Like with other updates, this drop contains some significant changes affecting mod makers. As always, we ask all players to be patient, and give mod developers time to update to this new version. We kindly ask everyone not to pester them. W...