Table of Contents Welcome to the Fabric Wiki!Player TutorialsMod Developer TutorialsDocumentationModpack and Launcher DevelopersCommunityContributing to the Wiki Player Tutorials Mod Developer Tutorials Documentation Modpack and Launcher Developers Community Contributing to the Wiki Welcome to the Fabric Wiki! This resource is dedicated to Fabric. Fabric is a modular modding toolchain targeting Minecraft Java Edition 1.14 and above, including snapshots. Some pages on the wiki may be out-of-date or a work in progress. This wiki is also available in the following languages 简体中文 Simplified Chinese Français French Deutsch German 한국어 Korean Русский Russian 日本語 Japanese Español Make sure to check out ourcommunity spaces and rules! Frequently Asked Questions from users Frequently Asked Questions expert mode- a supplement to the above with more detailed answers Player Tutorials If you wish to use Fabric as a player, server administrator or modpack developer, you should view thePlayer Tutorialssection of the wiki. Installing Fabric Loader Updating Fabric Loader Installing Java Troubleshooting Mod Developer Tutorials If youd like to start developing with Fabric, you should check out theMod Developer Tutorialssection of the wiki. Creating Your First Mod Creating Your First Item Creating Your First Block Saving Custom Data Across Restarts Data Generation World Generation Introduction to Mixins Creating Commands Events Entities Fluids Documentation If you want to know how projects in the Fabric toolchain work, you should check out theDocumentationsection of the wiki. Specifications Technical Information External Documentation Modpack and Launcher Developers These pages may be slightly outdated, we are currently in process of rewriting them. Please keep in mind that we recommend using Minecraft Launcher and MCUpdater for modpack play and distribution.However, that doesnt stop us from trying to support other solutions! Using MCUpdater for Fabric modpackscovers usage and creation Publishing Fabric modpacks on Technic Publishing Fabric modpacks on ATLauncher Modpack-related endpoints Dependency OverridesLoader0.11.1or later! Community Feeling like participating in Fabric community? You may see ourofficial community spaces, or also understand thelibrary modsorOptiFine alternativesprovided by the community. All community pages can be found in the sidebar of this page. Contributing to the Wiki The Wiki is mostly maintained by the community, for the community. If you are interested in contributing to the wiki, check out the following pages first Wiki Meta- Starting point for contributing to the wiki Wiki Agenda- See what is on the current agenda, and what other contributors are currently working on.